There are some concepts in the software engineering that are useful to know. I can use them to describe my experiences better and even use them to do things in a better way.

- The ‘E’, ‘S’, ‘G’ in **ESG** data stands for, “Environmental, Social, and Governance” – otherwise known as the three key components that companies will use to determine the environmental efficacy and sustainability of their cooperation.
- A full-time equivalent, sometimes abbreviated as **FTE**, is a unit to measure employed persons or students in a way that makes them comparable, although they may work or study a different number of hours per week.
- **Parking lot** is a project management technique used to keep a team meeting on track. If a group conversation is in danger of veering off-topic, you could put that particular topic in the hypothetical parking lot. That way, you are ‘parking’ it for later so your team can focus on the more pressing issues.
- A **dress rehearsal** is a full-scale rehearsal where actors and musicians perform every detail of a performance.
- In software development, a **greenfield project** could be one of developing a system for a totally new environment, without concern for integrating with other systems, especially not legacy systems. Such projects are deemed higher risk, as they are often for new infrastructure, new customers, and even new owners. Thus, greenfield projects offer a unique opportunity to innovate freely and create from scratch.
- Diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) initiatives are practices and policies designed to promote fair treatment and full participation of individuals from various backgrounds in organizations. These initiatives aim to create a welcoming environment, ensure equal opportunities, and address discrimination and biases in the workplace.